doc(1.9.0): recurring system backup (#1045)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.9.0/advanced-resources/system-backup-restore/backup-longhorn-system.md

   demo   v1.4.0    Ready   2022-11-24T04:23:24Z
   ```

> ### Recurring Job
> 
> #### Using Longhorn UI
> 
> 1. Go to the `Recurring Job` page.
> 1. Click on `Create Recurring Job`.
> 1. Enter a `Name` for the recurring system backup.
> 1. From the `Task` dropdown, select `System Backup`.
> 1. Enter a `Ratain` number for the system backup to retain.
> 1. Set the `Cron` schedule time.
> 1. In the `Parameters` dropdown, select `volume-backup-policy`.
> 1. The recurring job will create system backups according to the defined cron schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Recurring Jobs

#### Create a Recurring Backup Job Using the Longhorn UI

1. Go to the **Recurring Job** screen.

1. Click **Create Recurring Job**.

1. Configure the following settings:

    - **Name**: Specify a name for the recurring job.
    - **Task**: Select **System Backup**.
    - **Retain**: Specify the number of system backups that Longhorn must retain.
    - **Cron**: Specify the cron expression (a string consisting of fields separated by whitespace characters) that defines the schedule properties.
    - **Parameters**: Select **volume-backup-policy**.

1. Click **OK**.

Longhorn creates system backups according to the schedule defined in the `cron` field.
```

Author: I've committed the suggested changes except for the following:
- **Go to the Recurring Job screen**: I kept `page` instead of `screen` because it is a more appropriate term for websites.
- **Blank lines between the numbering points**: This formatting is inconsistent with the rest of the codebase. If this is the new convention, we should address it separately in another issue/PR.

Reviewer: You are correct in that 'page' is more appropriate for websites. However, this procedure describes navigation and operation of a **management console**, not a website. 

website = webpage
console = screen

It's interesting that you bring up inconsistency. There is very little consistency in the Longhorn doc. Honestly, the legacy grammatical errors and other language issues are more worrisome than spacing.

@innobead @derekbit Wording style, terminology, and markup are usually the domain of the technical writer. I don't know why there is pushback to certain requested changes.

Author: > You are correct in that 'page' is more appropriate for websites. However, this procedure describes navigation and operation of a management console, not a website.
>
> website = webpage
> console = screen

Sorry, I mean to say `ui`. `Page` seems to be a more general term for the UI, and It looks like we are using `page` in other places of the documents.

> It's interesting that you bring up inconsistency. There is very little consistency in the Longhorn doc. Honestly, the legacy grammatical errors and other language issues are more worrisome than spacing.
>
> @innobead @derekbit Wording style, terminology, and markup are usually the domain of the technical writer. I don't know why there is pushback to certain requested changes.

I didn't understand why we needed extra blank lines between the numbering points. It might help there there is a convention document for the website. Or perhaps an explanation of the suggested changes during the review.

Author: https://github.com/longhorn/website/pull/1054

> #### Using `kubectl` Command
> 
> 1. Execute `kubectl create` to create a Longhorn `RecurringJob` custom resource with task `system-backup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create a Recurring Backup Job Using `kubectl`

Run `kubectl create` to create a Longhorn `RecurringJob` custom resource with the task `system-backup`.

Example:
```

   ```yaml
   apiVersion: longhorn.io/v1beta2
   kind: RecurringJob
   metadata:
     name: demo
     namespace: longhorn-system
   spec:
     task: system-backup
     cron: '* * * * *'
     retain: 1
     parameters:
       volume-backup-policy: if-not-present
   ```

> 1. The recurring job will create system backups according to the defined cron schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Longhorn creates system backups according to the schedule defined in the `cron` field.
```
